book/themes.md, before:

# Themes

Themes can be used to customize your book's homepage using predefined or custom HTML template.

### Format

Themes on GitBook use the [SWIG](http://paularmstrong.github.io/swig/docs/) syntax.

#### Variables for book homepage

| Variable | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| `book` | `<book>` | Book to display |

#### Book Representation

| Variable | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| `id` | `string` | Complete id of the book (ex: `Username/Test`) |
| `name` | `string` | Name of the book |
| `title` | `string` | Title of the book |
| `description` | `string` | Description of the book |
| `public` | `boolean` | False if the book is private |
| `price` | `number` | Price of the book (0 equals free) |
| `githubId` | `string` | ID of the book on GitHub (ex: `Username/Test`) |
| `categories` | `array[string]` | List of tags associated with this book |
| `author` | `<user>` |User that created the book |
| `collaborators` | `array[<user>]` | Array of collaborators of the book (excluding the author) |
| `cover.small` | `string` | Url of the cover (size small) |
| `cover.large` | `string` | Url of the cover (size large) |
| `urls.access` | `string` | Url to access the book homepage |
| `urls.homepage` | `string` | Url of the homepage (using custom domain) |
| `urls.read` | `string` | Url to read the book |
| `urls.reviews` | `string` | Url to the reviews page |
| `urls.subscribe` | `string` | Url to submit email subscriptions |
| `urls.download.epub` | `string` | Url to download ebook (as EPUB) |
| `urls.download.mobi` | `string` | Url to download ebook (as Mobi) |
| `urls.download.pdf` | `string` | Url to download ebook (as PDF) |

#### User Representation

| Variable | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| `username` | `string` | Username of the user |
| `name` | `string` | Name of the user |
| `urls.profile` | `string` | Url to access the profile homepage |
| `urls.avatar` | `string` | Url of avatar |
| `accounts.twitter` | `string` | Username on Twitter (if linked) |
| `accounts.github` | `string` | Username on GitHub (if linked) |

Commit message:

Clarifying how to work with themes in Gitbook
Highlighting that themes are created as plugins and referencing the sample plugin for Gitbook.  Also included how to find existing plugins on the NPM website.

This change is related to https://github.com/GitbookIO/gitbook/issues/442

book/themes.md, after:

# Themes

Themes can be used to customize your book's homepage using predefined or custom HTML template.  The recommended way to change your Gitbook theme is to use a plugin.  A plugin can be a whole theme in itself, or a customisation that is applied to the default theme.  You can use the [sample plugin for Gitbook](https://github.com/GitbookIO/plugin) as a starting point.

There are also existing themes available as npm packages.  You can find those themes by [searching the npm website for gitbook-theme](https://www.npmjs.org/search?q=gitbook-theme).

### Format

Themes on GitBook use the [SWIG](http://paularmstrong.github.io/swig/docs/) syntax.

#### Variables for book homepage

| Variable | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| `book` | `<book>` | Book to display |

#### Book Representation

| Variable | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| `id` | `string` | Complete id of the book (ex: `Username/Test`) |
| `name` | `string` | Name of the book |
| `title` | `string` | Title of the book |
| `description` | `string` | Description of the book |
| `public` | `boolean` | False if the book is private |
| `price` | `number` | Price of the book (0 equals free) |
| `githubId` | `string` | ID of the book on GitHub (ex: `Username/Test`) |
| `categories` | `array[string]` | List of tags associated with this book |
| `author` | `<user>` |User that created the book |
| `collaborators` | `array[<user>]` | Array of collaborators of the book (excluding the author) |
| `cover.small` | `string` | Url of the cover (size small) |
| `cover.large` | `string` | Url of the cover (size large) |
| `urls.access` | `string` | Url to access the book homepage |
| `urls.homepage` | `string` | Url of the homepage (using custom domain) |
| `urls.read` | `string` | Url to read the book |
| `urls.reviews` | `string` | Url to the reviews page |
| `urls.subscribe` | `string` | Url to submit email subscriptions |
| `urls.download.epub` | `string` | Url to download ebook (as EPUB) |
| `urls.download.mobi` | `string` | Url to download ebook (as Mobi) |
| `urls.download.pdf` | `string` | Url to download ebook (as PDF) |

#### User Representation

| Variable | Type | Description |
| -------- | ---- | ----------- |
| `username` | `string` | Username of the user |
| `name` | `string` | Name of the user |
| `urls.profile` | `string` | Url to access the profile homepage |
| `urls.avatar` | `string` | Url of avatar |
| `accounts.twitter` | `string` | Username on Twitter (if linked) |
| `accounts.github` | `string` | Username on GitHub (if linked) |
